Man: Carroll
was convicted in 2004
For the murders
of 14 young women.
Don't do this.
Joe, joe!
Ryan: Something happened
to claire,
And now he's
gonna kill her.
He's gonna give you
the opportunity to save her.
He's gonna give me
the opportunity to
witness her death.
We got a problem.
Parker's missing.
Man: Aw. That's too bad.
Just a little too late.
Ryan, no!
Bummer.
You and I, huh,
How's it going to
end, ryan?
Does good triumph
over evil,
Does the hero
rescue the girl?
Let's begin.
No! No!
[grunting]
Aah! Aah!
[screaming]
Is he dead?
Did they find the body?
Yeah. What's
left of him.
You have to be sure
it's him. Are you sure?
We'll have official
confirmation soon.
Serial killer
joe carroll's life
Came to an end
early this morning.
When he was burned
to death in a fire.
We have confirmed
that joe carroll is dead.
Is it true?
He's dead.
Hungry?
Yeah. I'm starving.
I'll get cleaned up.
[knock on door]
[music playing]
We intercepted
this downstairs.
Thanks, man.
Unh! Unh!
[door opens]
Claire: Ok.
I smell food.
Claire!
Ryan! No, no!
No!
Ohh!
No, no!
Unh!
Aah! Aah! Aah!
[crack]
[gasping]
No, no!
No. Please, please,
please, please.
Where's claire?
Is she ok?
[shouting]
[indistinct chatter]
[beep beep]
Pressure's dropping.
He's bleeding out!
No pressure!
[indistinct chatter]
We're losing her!
[heart monitor beeping]
Mike...
How's claire?
[heart monitor continues]
[heart monitor fading]
[alarm clock beeping]
[groaning]
[security alarm beeping]
[beeping stops]
[rosanna scotto
laughs on tv]
Greg kelly: A new book
hits stands this week.
It's called
"the havenport tragedy:
The true story
of joe carroll
and his blood cult"
By author carrie cook.
Scotto: This week,
marks the anniversary
Of joe carroll's death,
And carrie cook is
actually gonna be
joining us later
To talk about
his murderous cult
That left a trail
of blood and mayhem
across the east coast
And rocked the nation.
Yeah. Some scary stuff.
Can you believe it's
been a year?
Stay with--
Woman: When I got here,
I'd made so many wrong turns,
Felt empty,
dead inside.
You guys brought me
back to life.
You showed me that
my past is exactly that.
I have a life today.
Is it better? Sometimes.
It's different,
And then there are
moments when I get
Little glimpses
of hope.
Those are good days,
And the rest
of the days,
I'm working on those.
This dinner's
for your niece?
Yeah. She wants
me to meet her
new boyfriend.
I have no idea why.
Maybe because she's
excited to have you
in her life
And wants to share
it with you.
Could be that.
Woman: Ok.
How crazy am I?
Outstanding, melissa.
Feels good to open up
and share, doesn't it?
Why does everything
you say sound like
it's directed at me?
I'm your sponsor.
I want to point out that
I'm only 5 months' sober.
All the more reason
to open your mouth
And let someone know
what's going on in there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ryan: Ok. So
scattered, messy.
We got
a disorganized killer.
What else to you see?
Woman: The killer's
left-handed.
The stab wounds
are left to right.
Are you sure?
Could have been
right to right
If her attacker
struck like this.
Man: Her bra
and panties are
on the floor,
But the victim is
wearing underwear.
Which tells you...
Woman: She has
horrible taste.
What's with
the leopard print?
[laughter]
So possible stripper,
adult entertainer.
Man: A hate crime?
Missionary kill.
It's...Impulsive
and violent.
She wasn't raped,
but it was a sex crime.
The underwear soiled
by the chair.
Meaning?
The chair's
positioned
over her body.
He masturbated
and sat down
to do it.
And the blood
on the left side
of the table
Is where he laid
the knife down
Because that's
the hand he used
to do his business
Because he was
left-handed.
Ok, ok, ok, ok.
[music playing]
[doorbell rings]
Hi.
Hey. Am I late?
You're the first
one here.
So you alone?
He's parking the car.
Ahh.
His name is chris.
He's from
california,
Grew up
in sacramento
or something.
He's a pastry chef
at dolce.
Ok.
You judged.
Don't judge.
No. I didn't judge!
No. I just said, "ok,"
As in "he's
a pastry chef," ok?
Maybe if we don't
say it out loud.
[knock on door]
Hey.
I'm ryan.
Hey. I'm chris.
Nice to meet you.
Come on in.
Thanks.
Ryan tells me you're
law enforcement.
Yep. I'm a cop.
Nypd.
She's in
the intelligence unit.
Just made detective.
Melissa: Is this
serve and protect
a family tradition?
Well, my dad,
his brother,
was a fireman.
And my dad was a cop,
and my uncle was a cop.
Now max told me
to heart healthy,
So there's
no guarantees.
Wow. Looks good.
I really like barry.
He's your sponsor,
right?
Shh.
That melissa chick
is hot.
For you.
You should get on that.
I like pastry boy.
Heh heh. Really?
I wish he were
angrier.
Thanks.
For what?
I know what tonight
is really about.
Yeah. I thought
this week might be
a little rough on you.
Is it?
Well, it's there
Smacking me in the face
everywhere I look.
Distractions
can be nice.
[music playing]
[train approaching]
Resurrection!
[screaming]
Aah!
Joe carroll lives!
Ryan hardy can't stop us.
The resurrection is coming.
Aah! Aah!
Help me! Please!
[screaming]
[alarm clock beeping]
Reporter on tv:
How many are dead?
Man on tv: 5 are confirmed dead,
one victim survived
And is currently
being treated
At manhattan memorial
for multiple stab wounds.
Woman: Do you have
a suspect?
There were at least
3 perpetrators involved.
It's an active investigation.
Man: Commissioner,
do you think this
could be the work
Of joe carroll's cult?
Let's not speculate, please.
Sir, this week marks
the anniversary
Of the havenport tragedy.
That will be all.
Thank you.
Woman on tv: Is joe carroll's
alive and living in new york?
That's what the people
of new york city fear
as 5 people are...
...Are unwilling to say
if this attack is connected
In any way to joe carroll,
but as this week marks
the first...
[knock on door]
Hello, mike.
Agent phillips,
what can I do for you?
I'd like you
to come to new york.
You're a walking
case file.
You could be
a great deal
of help.
You want me to consult?
I'm not active.
Opr suspended me
Till my review
in January.
Grand jury made
no indictments.
You were cleared.
Come to new york.
If all goes well,
I'll take on the opr.
[elevator dings]
[ding]
[indistinct chatter]
My thoughts and prayers
go out to the victims
and their families,
But with regards
to the subway murders
and joe carroll,
I'm not involved.
Hi, everyone.
Before you ask,
I'm not involved,
I won't be consulting,
and I have no information
about the subway murders.
Man: Mr. Hardy.
[police radio chatter]
Section chief
ken phillips.
Welcome, sir.
Special agent
gina mendez.
Csu's still processing.
When the train stopped,
Our 3 perps hopped
the tracks,
Exited via
the uptown tunnel,
Used a fire exit,
so no eyewitnesses.
Phillips: What about
the victim?
She's being treated
at manhattan memorial,
multiple stab wounds,
All defensive.
Doctor says we should
be able to speak to her
within the hour.
Anything from
the security cameras?
Oh, yeah.
We got the whole show.
I don't want
to have sex.
Everything's always
about sex.
I'm not opposed to it,
but...
It's not as important
as people make it.
I th--I think
touching's more important.
If you do it right,
you can feel it always...
Even after you stop.
I'm hungry.
You have any food?
Hey, heather! I can make
an egg white omelet
With some spinach!
[music playing]
Mike! Mikey!
What are you
doing here?
Tony, shots.
Shots for everybody.
Hey, ryan.
How you doing, man?
Oh. It's good
to see you.
Hey. You look good.
Come here.
I want you to
meet some people.
So how long you
in town for?
Uh, head back tomorrow.
Cool, cool.
Hey. How's
joey doing?
He's safe.
Beyond that, I don't know.
His grandmother agreed
to witness protection.
Look. I got to testify
in front of the grand jury.
You do, too.
Yeah.
That's coming up.
That last day in the woods
after you left me,
I took alex's
handcuffs off.
We didn't cuff him,
ryan, you understand?
He lunged at you,
you fired your gun.
This is important, ryan.
Do you understand?
All you have to say is
"I don't remember."
You were emotional,
crazy that day.
You don't recall
what happened.
I got the rest.
You don't have to
lie for me, mike.
You acted impulsively.
They won't condone it
or even believe it,
But they will accept it.
They'll understand
we were trying to
save deborah.
Do you even remember
what deborah told
you that day,
What her
last words were?
Hello, mike.
You look good, ryan.
So what am I
doing here?
What am I doing here?
Phillips: Thank you
for coming, mr. Hardy.
Agent phillips.
Special agent
gina mendez.
I need to ask you
have been contacted
Or engaged in any way
regarding last night's events?
No.
Have you been in contact
with any known
Or unknown followers
of carroll in the past year?
No.
Is there anything
you know that could
help us find
Who did this?
No.
We, uh, value
your input,
So if there's anything
you can add.
The witness
lily gray,
Art dealer,
gallery in soho,
Survived, several
defensive wounds.
They were yelling
and screaming
Through their masks.
What were they saying?
Crazy things.
"resurrection."
They kept repeating it,
chanting it.
They said,
"joe carroll lives,"
And then they attacked.
Did they say
anything else?
"ryan hardy
can't stop us."
Thank you.
I take it you're
ryan hardy.
Why did they do this?
Shall we?
Ahh. You're
a seventies freak.
Love it.
Kc and the sunshine band:
♪ do do do do do do do
Come on!
Dance with me!
♪ aw, that's the way,
uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ I like it
♪ uh-huh, uh-huh
♪ that's the way,
uh-huh, uh-huh I like it ♪
England dan and john ford coley:
♪ soft summer nights
♪ spent thinking of you
♪ when will I see you again?
♪ I didn't know
it could be so strong ♪
♪ waiting and wondering
about you ♪
♪ I didn't know
it would last so long ♪
This is an awesome play list.
♪ nights are forever
without you ♪
Ahh.
[water running]
Heather honey,
you can't just lay there.
I'm gonna need some help.
I need some help with heather.
[water stops]
How you feeling?
Awesome.
It's been a great day.
Yes, it has.
Woman on tv: At this time,
law enforcement officials
Are unwilling to say
if this attack
Is connected in any way
to joe carroll,
But as this week marks
the first anniversary
Of carroll's death,
many people are worried
That his vicious cult...
What the hell?
Looks like there's
a new cult.
Who are they?
Who knows?
It's not us,
that's for sure.
Frank thinks
it's carlos,
But I think he's
too dumb to pull
something like this off.
Who?
You know, carlos
from havenport.
You should talk
to frank.
He saw carlos once.
I think it was
in the village.
Mendez:
The mta only has cameras
In 40% of all city trains.
That video wasn't luck.
They wanted us to see it--
Performance art.
Phillips: Can you
pull up the video
From the adjoining cars?
Mendez: No. The trains
only have cameras
Every other car,
which they knew.
They're slick.
All right, guys.
What do you got?
The hoodies are
newly purchased,
hadn't been washed.
Sold in souvenir shops.
The mask is
molded silicone,
Hand-painted,
very pro.
All right. Mr. Hardy,
don't be shy.
Are these your cult boys
or a new fan club?
Could be both.
Mike: 37 cult members
were identified
in havenport.
17 were killed,
7 in custody,
5 arrested
in the past year.
Well, that makes 8
known acolytes
still out there.
Mike: Unless those 8
found 8 and found 8 more.
Let's just start
with the 3 on the train.
So what about
surveillance footage?
You guys building
a video trail?
It's the works.
Hopkins.
The 3 hooded men
exit at canal.
We pick them up
on west broadway
going uptown.
And then two
turn right,
One goes solo
eastbound.
More to come.
Most businesses are
Volunteering
their surveillance footage,
And then we have men
going door to door
With court orders
for the rest.
Can you body scan
the 3 suspects?
These are our
known carrollers.
Let's create pre-viz
for males only.
Ok. One match.
Carlos perez.
He's on our list,
one of our
havenport guys.
He's been mia
for a year.
How sure are you?
It's a 75% match.
That's good enough
for me.
Issue a statement.
Get his face out there.
See if the public can
help identify him.
What about
the other two?
They're new
to the party.
Phillips:
Is this new cult, old cult,
Fan club, copycat,
groupies?
What, mr. Hardy?
Anything?
Yeah. I wish I could
be more help,
But, you know,
I really haven't
kept up with the case.
I'm strictly
civilian now,
So, uh, if there's
nothing else,
I'd like to go.
Ok.
Mike: Hey, ryan.
Where you going?
Home.
We didn't find
them all.
Now they're
recruiting more.
Probably.
It's the anniversary
of joe's death.
This is not
an isolated event.
They were wearing
his face.
They're trying to
resurrect his legacy.
Yeah, probably.
You're walking away?
I considered running.
"ryan hardy
can't stop us.
Joe carroll lives."
Yeah. I got it.
Message delivered.
I want no part
of this, mike.
This is over for me,
all right? I'm done.
[doorbell rings]
I came straight
from work,
So you better
have food.
Carlos perez.
You remember him?
Is he the one
with the 4 I.D.S?
Yeah. You had tracked
him to new york
Using rick ruiz
and tony sanchez.
So carlos is one
of the subway killers?
Person of interest.
Let me boot.
The feds brought
intel on, advisory.
I almost signed up for it,
but then I remembered
I'm a part of the ryan hardy
secret task force.
So is it joe's
old cult?
Carlos is.
The other two,
who knows?
And did you share
what you know
with the bureau?
What, this?
This is a hobby.
5 people were killed.
This isn't a hobby.
Ok. Here we go.
Last intel had carlos
Using the moniker
of ruiz.
I have prints
and handwriting analysis
From several
bad credit cards
Obtained
from his girlfriend.
She had told me
he moved back
to california.
Check robert diaz.
It's a name I pulled
from her place.
Are the feds aware
you found this guy's
girlfriend?
I lost her.
What's the point?
His ruiz I.D.
Has a signature match
to a robert diaz,
Short-term rental application
on avenue d.
He's using
a new fake.
Avenue d, huh?
Hey. Um, now would be
the time to tell
The fbi
this information.
Yeah. You're probably
right.
So, max, thanks a lot
for stopping by.
No cab fare?
Hey. Go to the fbi.
They'll figure it out.
Seriously, ryan,
I know I've been
enabling you,
But, uh, maybe it's time
that we stopped this.
Can you lock up
when you leave? Thanks.
[toilet flushes]
Stop!
No, no, no.
I barely touched you.
Hey! Come on!
Hey! Sit up.
Why you running
from me?
You broke
into my place.
You recognized me.
No, man. You broke
into my place.
Ow!
Don't lie to me.
I'm not--
I'm not lying.
Carlos, I know
who you are,
And I know you were
on the subway.
Don't be stupid.
I kill stupid people.
Look. I--I don't
know anything.
You were in havenport
with joe carroll.
Where is he?
Joe carroll--
he's dead.
We both know
that's not true.
Where is he?
He's dead.
Unh!
All right.
I'm talking.
I haven't seen joe
since the light house.
The light house?
You were
at the light house?
What were you
doing there?
I picked him up
on the beach
After the boat house
exploded.
And where did you
take him?
There was a--
there was a roadblock.
It was cops everywhere
that night.
He--he got out.
I haven't seen
him since.
He got out?
Yeah, man. He got out.
There was no way
he was getting through
that roadblock.
And where is he?
I don't know.
No one does.
That's why--
That's why what?
What is this?
What are you doing?
You trying to
lure him out?
Unh!
Is this what you're
looking for?
Aah!
Move! Move!
[tires squeal]
[people gasping]
Sir, don't move.
Stay still.
I could drive you
to the hospital.
No, no, no. I'm ok.
Sir, please.
It's all right.
I'm ok. I'm ok.
Man on tv: Turning
back to yesterday's
brutal subway attack,
The white house
has issued a statement,
Saying the president
is monitoring events
in new york city
And his thoughts and prayers
go out to the families
Affected by this great tragedy.
[knock on door]
He has also pledged
the full cooperation
Of the fbi with state
and local...
[pounding]
With 5 confirmed dead
in this horrendous assault
At the astor place
station...
[speaking french]
Look. You're gonna
have to start speaking
english, ok, english?
[speaks french]
Stupid idiot!
[cell phone ringing]
Where are you?
Carlos' place.
Can you run a name for me?
Heather clarke.
I know the name,
ryan.
She's dead.
She was found
45 minutes ago.
I can text you
the address.
All right.
[police radio chatter]
It's hardy.
Mike: I got it
I got it.
What are you
doing here?
I was in
the neighborhood.
Yeah, right.
So what's going on?
Heather clarke.
Some joggers found her.
24, dancer in
the chorus of "gypsy."
She lives in the building
across the street,
Where she was killed
and moved her.
It's from carroll's
book, right?
White dress,
blond locks, red lips.
Yeah. Gwendolyn.
You mean claire.
Didn't claire inspire
the character of gwendolyn?
Come on, ryan.
Anything? Anything!
I mean, the murders
in the subway were
A spectacle,
an announcement.
This is a very
specific message.
I got nothing.
Oh, you are
so full of it.
You act like you're
over it,
But you're here
because you care.
You don't know how
not to care,
So if you know something,
just tell me.
Sorry, mike.
Why did you request
carroll's dna records?
6 months ago, you requested
the full report.
I wanted to see
for myself.
What, you weren't
convinced?
His dna matched
his son's dna.
I don't know
where you're going
with this, mike.
Joe is dead.
Yeah, he is, ryan.
He's dead.
I called.
I reached out.
What, you couldn't
be bothered?
Ryan, I needed to talk
to you, man.
All I can think about
is that last day,
How every second
played out.
If we'd have done
one thing different,
If we had changed
One thing,
maybe we would have--
Maybe we would have
got to deborah
one second sooner.
If we'd done one thing
different.
What?
You got nothing?
So that's how
it's gonna be.
Take care
of yourself, mike.
Woman: A person of interest
invoved in last night's...
My face is
everywhere.
[knock on door]
What happened?
Ryan hardy showed up
at my place.
Mark, I'm sorry.
What was ryan hardy
doing there?
He surprised me.
I have no idea.
You said your
place was safe,
untraceable.
Your words!
Look. I don't know
how he knew.
I wasn't my fault!
I'm sorry.
What are they
gonna find there
When they search
the place?
Nothing. I mean,
my stuff.
Nothing that's gonna
lead them here.
And I'm supposed
to believe you?
There's nothing
to find.
Maybe some prints, maybe.
I have, like,
10 fake I.D.S out there.
Eh, we trusted you,
carlos,
Brought you in,
made you part
of the family.
Ok. I've done everything
that you guys have said.
What's the problem?
We're cool.
Luke, don't.
Let it go.
I--I'm the one
who's gonna get joe.
That's what you want.
Eh, you're right.
It's cool.
Sorry.
I overreacted.
I do that sometimes.
Letting it go!
Poof. Gone.
Aw, come on.
Let's hug it out.
I don't--I don't
want to hug you.
Why don't you
want to hug me?
I just don't.
Huggy hug.
Oh, things have
gotten way too
serious in here.
Lighten up! Ha ha!
If we're not having fun,
what's the point? Huh?
You want to see
something funny?
Uh-huh.
Well...
[choking]
[coughing]
He'll live.
Huh?
Man: You have a visitor.
I can send him away.
No, it's ok.
He can come in.
Woman on tv: Anyone
with any information on--
How are you,
ms. Gray?
Well, 6 people
were killed.
I'm fine.
Why are you here?
I was concerned.
I--you know,
you asked earlier
Why this was
happening, and...
I found my answer.
You killed joe carroll,
and his followers are...
Mad about it, I guess.
So...Why are you
really here?
6 people were killed,
and, uh...
You're the only
one I can say,
"I'm sorry," to.
So...I'm sorry.
Just needed to
say it out loud.
Good night.
Emma...
Where's carlos?
Did you find him?
I went to the address
frank gave me.
He wasn't there...
But ryan hardy was.
What--what was
he doing there?
I don't know, hannah.
I have no idea
what's going on.
No. Not yet.
He's still got
20 minutes left.
Man: ♪ I see
♪ earthquakes and lightning
♪ I see
♪ bad times today
Damn, judy.
That was a good one.
Yes, it was.
Woman on tv: Now turning
back to our top story,
We have an update.
The death toll is now
6 in new york city.
Is this the work
of carroll's cult?
This new murder comes
a after 3 men...
Daryl, come see
this quick!
6 people
were killed!
[grunts]
♪ don't go around tonight
♪ well, it's bound
to take your life ♪
Hurry!
♪ there's a bad moon
on the rise ♪
Woman on tv: This is what
cult expert ryan hardy
Had to say earlier today.
Ryan on tv: My thoughts
and prayers go out
To the victims
and their families,
But with regards
to the subway murders
And joe carroll,
I'm not involved.
[reporters clamoring]
Well now.
♪ there's a bad moon
on the rise ♪